The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
Dolores wouldn't have eaten the meal if she had known what it actually was.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
He found a leprechaun in his walnut shell.
At that moment she realized she had a sixth sense.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
Charles ate the french fries knowing they would be his last meal.
He used to get confused between soldiers and shoulders, but as a military man, he now soldiers responsibility.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
Patricia found the meaning of life in a bowl of Cheerios.
A suit of armor provides excellent sun protection on hot days.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
The balloons floated away along with all my hopes and dreams.
There's a growing trend among teenagers of using frisbees as go-cart wheels.
Today I heard something new and unmemorable.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
The Japanese yen for commerce is still well-known.
Tuesdays are free if you bring a gnome costume.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
Greetings from the real universe.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
The tumbleweed refused to tumble but was more than willing to prance.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
The gruff old man sat in the back of the bait shop grumbling to himself as he scooped out a handful of worms.
I caught my squirrel rustling through my gym bag.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
A good example of a useful vegetable is medicinal rhubarb.
He ended up burning his fingers poking someone else's fire.
Three generations with six decades of life experience.
He waited for the stop sign to turn to a go sign.
It's not possible to convince a monkey to give you a banana by promising it infinite bananas when they die.
Her fragrance of choice was fresh garlic.
He looked behind the door and didn't like what he saw.
When transplanting seedlings, candied teapots will make the task easier.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
They wandered into a strange Tiki bar on the edge of the small beach town.
They're playing the piano while flying in the plane.
Andy loved to sleep on a bed of nails.
The water flowing down the river didn’t look that powerful from the car
The Guinea fowl flies through the air with all the grace of a turtle.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
At that moment he wasn't listening to music, he was living an experience.
He took one look at what was under the table and noped the hell out of there.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.